hi guys I'm John Harrington satire
today on tatami ammunition another
Chinese New Year hoodie great behula
which is also known as these are called
Chinese the dugout is a Chinese sponge
that is very crispy on the outside but
yet dropping most honorable sir
so start off California ingredients that
you will need
grace Quay bahu lutein where with on
preheat oven and tin to 200 degrees 180
degree vent force
in your mixing bowl whisk together eggs
sugar and salt on high speed for about 8
minutes until in light and fluffy while
it's going mixed together plain flour
and baking powder
after eight minutes turn your mixer to
medium speed and drizzle in ballina
extract
lastly gradually add in flour mixture
until everything is well combined
transfer the mixture into a large piping
bag as it will be easier to pop into the
tins
pack up the mixture into the preheated
tins carefully until 90% way
pick it in the oven for 10 minutes
carefully remove the cakes from the team
using a bamboo skewer we grease and
repeat until the batter is finished let
it cool completely before transferring
into an airtight container
you